osu/seclab/libscope/manifest/IManifestHandler.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.manifest.IManifestHandler
org/json/Property.java
 org.json.Property
org/json/Cookie.java
 org.json.Cookie
org/json/HTTPTokener.java
 org.json.HTTPTokener
com/googlecode/dex2jar/reader/io/DataOut.java
 com.googlecode.dex2jar.reader.io.DataOut
pxb/android/axml/AxmlVisitor.java
 pxb.android.axml.AxmlVisitor
 pxb.android.axml.AxmlVisitor$NodeVisitor
org/json/JSONML.java
 org.json.JSONML
android/content/res/ChunkUtil.java
 android.content.res.ChunkUtil
org/json/JSONArray.java
 org.json.JSONArray
osu/seclab/libscope/main/Config.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.main.Config
org/json/XML.java
 org.json.XML
org/json/JSONTokener.java
 org.json.JSONTokener
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/WalaUtils.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.WalaUtils
com/googlecode/dex2jar/reader/io/DataIn.java
 com.googlecode.dex2jar.reader.io.DataIn
osu/seclab/libscope/pkg/PackageTree.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.pkg.PackageTree
 osu.seclab.libscope.pkg.PackageTree$Node
 osu.seclab.libscope.pkg.PackageTree$Node$1
com/googlecode/dex2jar/reader/io/LeArrayDataIn.java
 com.googlecode.dex2jar.reader.io.LeArrayDataIn
org/json/CookieList.java
 org.json.CookieList
org/json/JSONException.java
 org.json.JSONException
org/json/JSONObject.java
 org.json.JSONObject
 org.json.JSONObject$1
 org.json.JSONObject$Null
org/json/XMLTokener.java
 org.json.XMLTokener
pxb/android/axml/StringItems.java
 pxb.android.axml.StringItems
osu/seclab/libscope/stats/Exportable.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.stats.Exportable
osu/seclab/libscope/stats/AppStats.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.stats.AppStats
 osu.seclab.libscope.stats.AppStats$Export
 osu.seclab.libscope.stats.AppStats$Export$AppInfo
org/json/HTTP.java
 org.json.HTTP
org/json/JSONString.java
 org.json.JSONString
pxb/android/axml/AxmlReader.java
 pxb.android.axml.AxmlReader
 pxb.android.axml.AxmlReader$1
 pxb.android.axml.AxmlReader$2
osu/seclab/libscope/main/runTest.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.main.runTest
android/content/res/StringBlock.java
 android.content.res.StringBlock
com/googlecode/dex2jar/reader/io/ArrayDataIn.java
 com.googlecode.dex2jar.reader.io.ArrayDataIn
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/VersionWrapper.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.VersionWrapper
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.VersionWrapper$SEMVER
osu/seclab/libscope/library/Identifier.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.library.Identifier
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/Utils.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.Utils
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.Utils$1
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.Utils$2
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.Utils$IPredicate
android/content/res/AXmlResourceParser.java
 android.content.res.AXmlResourceParser
 android.content.res.AXmlResourceParser$NamespaceStack
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/PackageUtils.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.PackageUtils
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.PackageUtils$RELATIONSHIP
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/ApkUtils.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.ApkUtils
android/content/res/IntReader.java
 android.content.res.IntReader
osu/seclab/libscope/profile/Profile.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.profile.Profile
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/AndroidClassType.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.AndroidClassType
org/json/JSONStringer.java
 org.json.JSONStringer
pxb/android/axml/StringItem.java
 pxb.android.axml.StringItem
org/json/JSONWriter.java
 org.json.JSONWriter
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/Pair.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.Pair
com/googlecode/dex2jar/reader/io/LeDataOut.java
 com.googlecode.dex2jar.reader.io.LeDataOut
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/FileUtility.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.FileUtility
osu/seclab/libscope/Utils/AndroidEntryPointConstants.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.AndroidEntryPointConstants
 osu.seclab.libscope.Utils.AndroidEntryPointConstants$1
org/json/CDL.java
 org.json.CDL
org/json/JSONPointerException.java
 org.json.JSONPointerException
pxb/android/axml/AXMLPrinter.java
 pxb.android.axml.AXMLPrinter
org/json/JSONPointer.java
 org.json.JSONPointer
 org.json.JSONPointer$Builder
osu/seclab/libscope/manifest/ProcessManifest.java
 osu.seclab.libscope.manifest.ProcessManifest
 osu.seclab.libscope.manifest.ProcessManifest$1
pxb/android/axml/EmptyAdapter.java
 pxb.android.axml.EmptyAdapter
 pxb.android.axml.EmptyAdapter$EmptyNode
